# 22' Spring CS380 Assignment #1: Animated 2D scene

## Due: Sunday, March 27th, 2022 (11:59 PM)

## Contact: cs380_ta@cgv.kaist.ac.kr

# Important notices

* **No score** will be given for plagiarised works.
* **Do not share** your works online or offline. If noticed, they will be reguarded as plagiarised works.
    * Consider not to upload your works on public repositories like GitHub.
    * If you do, you *must* set a proper visibility settings for your project to prevent any plagiarism.
* For any **late submissions**, TAs will deduct 0.5 points every 12 hours 

# Overview

This assignment is designed for you to understand basic computer graphics programming.
In this assignment, you will develop a 2D animation with the given rendering engine.
This assignment will help you understand a simple modeling and animation concepts.

Your responsibility in this assignment is to complete an animated 2D scene in the skeleton code.
Your scene must include 1) a background with color gradient, 2) fractal-like objects from nature, and 3) framerate-independent natural animation.
Your scene should be implemented in `modules/assignments/assignment1.js` file.
Fill in the function bodies of `Assignment1` class and optionally write helper functions/classes if needed.

# Basic Requirements (Due: March 27th)
## 1. Background

Your scene must have a background with a color gradient.
This means that you cannot use `gl.clearColor()` for a background.
Create a rectangle that covers the viewport, and give a rectangle a color gradient by assigning each vertex a different color.

The default viewport of the skeleton code is [-2, 2] for horizontal(X-) and vertical(Y-) axes.
This means a 4x4 square centered at the origin will fit the whole canvas.
You can change the depth of backgrounds and objects by adjusting Z-axis value of the position.
Larger the Z-value, the object will be drawn over other objects, but its size won't change.
However, Z-values outside of [-2, 2] will not be shown by default.

## 2. Fractal-like object from nature

In this assignment, you should procedurally generate fractal-like objects, which may include, but not limited to: 
* Tree
* River
* Snowflake
* Lightning, and so on.

Include at least 2 different types of objects in your scene. For example, you may use [Koch snowflake](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Koch_snowflake) as your snowflakes. These objects must not be hard-coded, rather they should be procedurally generated by some parameters, like the depth of the maximum recursion.

## 3. Natural animation

At least one of your fractal-like objects should be animated, which means, it should change its position or rotation as time goes. For example, snowflakes may falling from the sky, or trees may sway as the wind blows.

Your animation should be framerate-independent. 
It means your animation should play at the same speed whether the running computer is slow or not. 
This can be done by using 2 parameters, `elapsed` and `dt`, from `BaseApp.update()` in your animation. 
When the `update()` is called, they will have values of total time passed, and time passed from previous call, respectively. 
As they are measured in real time, the resulting will have the same speed regardless of the processor speed.

## 4. Creativity

Briefly write down on your report in which part your creativity is shown.
It can be the interesting choice of the objects or animation.
Any artistic aspects of your assignment should be written here.
(Any technical aspects should be written in basic requirements or challenges.)

## Specifications and Points

| Specification                               | Point |
|---------------------------------------------|-------|
| 1. Background with color gradient           | 1     |
| 2. 2+ types of fractal-like natural objects | 2     |
| 3. Framerate-independent natural animation  | 2     |
| 4. Creativity                               | 1     |
| Total                                       | 6     |

# Challenges

Note: Challenges are *optional*, but you should gather 7 points from challenges to get the full score at the end of the term project.
For more detailed description, please refer to the term project introduction slides.
Listed challenges are TA-recommended challenges which are helpful for the current assignment and the whole project.

## 1. Keyframe-based 2D animation
Implement a keyframe-based 2D animation system.
Your system should be able to 1) define a movement as keyframes containing (at lest) a timestamp and a 2D transformation (translation, rotation, and scaling; e.g. `cs380.Transform`,) and 2) add at least one animated object, driven by your animation system that updates the objects transformation by interpolating between transformations of two keyframes.
Your system should be flexible enough for expressing most kinds of 2D affine object animations.

| Challenge                      | Point |
|--------------------------------|-------|
| 1. Keyframe-based 2D animation | 1     |

## Make-your-own challenge
Other than listed challenges, you may declare your own challenges on your report.
They must have a significant technical challenges to get the point, and if so TAs will grant challenge points by the similar criteria used for listed challenges.

 # Deliverables

 ## Report
 
 Thoroughly explain about your implementations of each requirements (or optionally, challenges.)
 TAs will *only* grade features you wrote on the report.
 Only .docx, .pdf, and .md formats are allowed.
 Include your report within your code directory.

 ## Code
 
 Compress your project directory (+ report) given Python script `archive.py`.
 Running `python3 archive.py [Student ID]` will create a submission file for you.
 TAs will run your code *as-is* on Mozila Firefox, so double-check whether the submission file is working or not.
 Only .zip format is allowed.
